IBX-9621: Describe creating a Connect-based AI action configurations (#351)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/ai_actions/work_with_ai_actions.md

!!! note "[[= product_name_connect =]] configuration required"

    To use AI actions that interface with [[= product_name_connect =]], you must first [configure and initiate the connection]([[= developer_doc =]]/ai_actions/install_ai_actions/#configure-access-to-ibexa-connect), and [define templates](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/scenarios/scenario_templates/#creating-templates) and/or [scenarios](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/scenarios/creating_a_scenario/) in [[= product_name_connect =]].
    
1\. Navigate to the Admin Panel and select **AI actions**.

2\. In the **AI actions** list, click **Create**.

3\. In the slide-out pane, make choices like in [Create new AI actions](#create-new-ai-actions) but in the **Action handler** field, select the model that uses an [[= product_name_connect =]] scenario to process the request, for example `connect-image-to-text`, and then click **Create**.

![[[= product_name_connect =]] handler](img/ai_action_connect_handler_selection.png)

4\. In the **Global properties** area, set the required properties.

5\. In the **Settings** area, select an existing scenario from a drop-down list.

> The list contains only those scenarios, which are compatible with the selected action type and are associated with your [[= product_name_connect =]] team.

Reviewer: I think this point might be a bit misleading. For now, in this dropdown there are all scenarios visible that are assigned to a team. However, they might not necessarily be configured properly - meaning executing such an action will fail, therefore they are **not always** compatible.

> The list contains only those scenarios, which are compatible with the selected action type and are associated with your [[= product_name_connect =]] team.

Author: ```suggestion
The list contains all scenarios that exist in [[= product_name_connect =]].
They may be incompatible with the selected action type and require adjustments on the  [[= product_name_connect =]] side.
```

4\. In the **Global properties** area, set the required properties.

5\. In the **Settings** area, select an existing scenario from a drop-down list.

> The list contains all scenarios that exist in [[= product_name_connect =]].

Reviewer: I would mention that they are under configured team.

> They may be incompatible with the selected action type and require adjustments on the  [[= product_name_connect =]] side.

Reviewer: Do I see a double space before `[[`? :)
